change An->Arbitrary (#127)
ietf-rats-wg/architecture: draft-ietf-rats-architecture.md

Places that Attesting Environments can exist
include Trusted  Execution Environments (TEE), embedded Secure Elements
(eSE), and BIOS firmware.
Arbitrary execution environments may not, by default, be capable of claims collection
for a given Target Environment.

> Attesting Environments are designed specifically with claims collection in mind.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Execution environments that are designed to be capable of claims collection are referred to in this document as Attesting Environments.```
